First things first, we have our restaurant info component over here, but it's not really rendering
anything out that's quite useful to us.
So what we want to do is we want to set a blank canvas for ourselves and we need to determine what restaurant
info is going to take.
So initially is going to take in a restaurant.
And so that restaurant is going to be the object that we work with.
And what we need to do here is in the return statement, we're going to return.
For now, we're going to return text with the info.
And we're going to say text, let's just leave that there for now and we're going to say CONSED and
we're going to say it is equal to restaurant.
This is a de structuring.
So what's happening here is we're going to start taking properties off of restaurants.
So a restaurant is an object, right?
An object that contains properties that we want to take.
So one of the properties we want to take is name.
Another property we want to take is the icon, another property would be photos, those would be potentials
that we would want we would take in, let's say, address we would take in the opening hours.
And we would take in rating.
And we would check if we would have a flag to say is closed temporarily.
All of this information is going to map to information that we're going to be able to get back from
our Google API once we integrate that later in the course, what we're basically trying to determine
the shape of the object that we're trying to get.
And we're getting a bunch of errors here because this isn't formatted properly.
So what we're going to do here is since we don't have any integration to anything, we're not integrated
to any API or anything at all.
The number one thing you want to do when creating a piece of UI or creating some type of component is
you want to determine some defaults so that you can start building the visualization without really
worrying about the data just yet.
So we're going to say that the name is some restaurant.
For the icon, we may need to get some temporary data and for the photos, we're going to have to see
what type of data we can get.
So, for instance, if we wanted to get, let's say, a specific type of restaurant picture, well,
I'm going to go and get a temporary one.
So what we would want here is a photo URL.
So we're seeing photos, which means it's going to be an array and we're going to give it a temporary
URL, so we're going to get a you URL from any type of photo off the Internet.
You can get it anywhere or you can take this URL from the get that we will be linking in the resources.
We can say that the address is one hundred some random street.
From the opening hours, we need to know if it's open now or not, how should we use opening hours or
should we say open now is open now.
So let's really changed that.
The shape we're getting back from Google would be opening hours, but let's change it to a flag is open
now and we're going to say true or false.
Right, and so then we'll get a rating.
And so that rating is going to be anywhere between three and five stars, so how do we determine what
exactly that's going to be?
Well, we know that the rating is going to be somewhere between three and five or zero and five, rather.
So we can set the rating to four for now.
And so you may be asking yourself, why would we do it like this?
Why would we put a D structure against a restaurant?
The restaurant info should already come in this way.
And you're right.
So let's take this.
And let's not have to send in a specific object, but I'd rather send in a specific restaurant, so
I'd rather send in the whole object of the restaurant and then know what I'm going to take off of it.
Rather than have this have a specific shape.
It's going to take the restaurant.
And we know that the restaurant's going to contain this.
And so with that, we can now save and that's going to restructure.
And so we can go ahead and we can check out, hey, what's name?
Restaurant, that name.
Oh, and we have to here's a good thing, we need to also set restaurant to be an empty object, otherwise
it's going to be undefined.
Right.
And if it's undefined, well, this will break.
So we need to make sure that our restaurant starts off as an empty object and then we can set our defaults.
We'll come back to the icon when we're going to build it out.
But for now, we have enough information to set the scene and start building out our card.
So let's do that.